>> Sarah Drasner: So monotone,
monotone is kind of what you
would kind of, think it was.
We talked about monochromatic,
monotone is just one single tone,
that you're making for the entire image.
And you can even play around
with different monotones.
So you can see how different this
skeleton is based on what two colors,
or what color is being used, or
even the shadow that's being used.
Maybe this is against code conduct or
something.
This is the thriller dance [LAUGH].
So Duotone is like you've probably seen
a bunch of those Spotify ads and stuff.
This existed before the Spotify ads, but
they made really good use of duotone.
So if you look up duotone
you get Spotify ads.
It's basically taking two tones and
matching them up against each other.
And you can do those kind of things
in photoshop pretty easily too,
they have these kind of filters
that you can work with.
That don't affects the layer you can
like play with different channels and
things like that.
>> Sarah Drasner: In real life, they way
that light works is whatever color light
is shining on an object,
this shadow is the opposite.
So if I shine a yellow thing on a box,
the shadow would be purple.
You don't have to use that, but
if you wanted to use that to
make your designs, or things that you're
working with, appear more realistic.
Like if you wanted to make
bright red light on someone,
you could cast some cool green
tones in the shadow, and
then it would kind of pop and
look a little bit more real.
Another thing to note is things
that are far away from you
are going to be in low contrast and
are gonna be blurrier.
And then things that are closer to you
are gonna be in sharp contrast and
they're going to be more vibrant.
So if you are trying to make a layout.
Even if you're trying to make
a layout that subtly plays with that
concept of near and far.
You could use bright colors and
something that's bigger and
then a smaller thing
with some blurred tones.
And people would, it would feel right to
people because that's kind of what we see.